Chloe Bilverstone: Go in now.
Chloe Bilverstone: Perfect.
Chloe Bilverstone: It sounds like a robot, doesn't it? Right silly? I don't know how much Young has told you about like the study, but I've got a bit of information now to sort of talk you through, and then you can let me know if you want to proceed with the game. So I'm going to share my screen to just get
Chloe Bilverstone: up the information.
Chloe Bilverstone: Here it is. So can you see it there? Yeah. So I'll read through it as well, but I know some people prefer to like see it visually as well as here. So essentially, I go to a university in London. And I'm part of a team where we're looking into testing a new game that aims to help us understand parent and adolescent. So teenage relationships and communication. So the study involves playing an online game today with your mum for 8 min.
Chloe Bilverstone: We're going to use Zoom to record the video as we're doing now. The game doesn't require any sort of like gaming skill. The rules are very simple, and I will explain them to you once we go ahead with the game.
Chloe Bilverstone: In terms of your information. That will be kept like, I said, safe and secure. Only the research team will see it
Chloe Bilverstone: in terms of taking part. It's completely up to you. If you've got any questions you can let me know if you don't want to take part, you can also let me know, or if you sort of start, and then halfway through and change your mind, you can also stop then, too. So that's sort of the information. Do you have any questions?
Chloe Bilverstone: No. Are you happy to go ahead.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, perfect. Thank you. So I'll just stop sharing my screen now. And I'm just now going to put the link to the game in the chat. 2 secs. I'll just paste that in. So if you could open that up and you should then get an option to either the keyboard or touch screen and obviously choose the one that's.
Liz Ferguson: Great to you.
Liz Ferguson: Yeah, we're in. We're on keyboard.
Chloe Bilverstone: And then, if you're able to share your screen again, please.
Liz Ferguson: can I hang on? You can tell? Oh, here we go.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, perfect.
Chloe Bilverstone: Is that good
Chloe Bilverstone: to see it brilliant? Yeah. So you should see on the left hand side there's the picture of the house.
Liz Ferguson: Yes.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yes. So this is the etch, a sketch online. So have you, have you seen an etch, a sketch before?
Liz Ferguson: S.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, yeah, so it's basically.
Liz Ferguson: Not really. I think we maybe had a really rubbish one.
Chloe Bilverstone: This was basically the Hubble. When I was younger.
Liz Ferguson: Like, 5 years ago. Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, so yeah, it's exactly the same as the physical one. But just online. And as I said, there's the picture on the side that we're going to want you to replicate onto the drawing pad. I guess you can call it so. There are some rules, though, to the game. So, Liz, you can only draw the lines that are vertical. So up and down by pressing the O. And M. Keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: and then, Leo, you can only make horizontal lines. So going side by side by pressing the A and d keys so you might need to swap. I'm not sure which side you, I think.
Liz Ferguson: We're actually on the right side.
Chloe Bilverstone: You're on the right side. Oh, perfect. Yeah, so and the most important thing, though, is that you're not allowed to touch each other's keys.
Liz Ferguson: Okay.
Chloe Bilverstone: So you've got to stick with your keys if you want to, at any point start again. There's a button at the top, right? You can see, I think, that says new. So once you start drawing, that will become clickable, so you can restart at any point if you need to. You'll have 8 min to copy the image together. I'm going to mute myself and like, hide my video. So I hopefully won't be distracted. But I'm here. If you need anything.
Chloe Bilverstone: if you are finished before the time is up, then just start. You can start again, and we just essentially want you to be playing for the full 8 min. And then I will speak to you to tell you like when the time is up.
Liz Ferguson: Sure.
Chloe Bilverstone: So yeah, does that all sort of make sense.
Liz Ferguson: Yeah, and we're ready.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, I will get the ready to go. I'll get the timer up and I'll turn my audio and video off. And then you guys are good to go.
Liz Ferguson: Okay.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay. Ready. Good.
Liz Ferguson: Do you want? I don't you go first.st
Liz Ferguson: Oh, look, okay. So we're in the middle.
Liz Ferguson: So should we do the door? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Liz Ferguson: Nice.
Liz Ferguson: Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Liz Ferguson: Wait. Do you want to go back up? It's too late. No, you can go back. Go back. Left. Press a wait.
Liz Ferguson: Yeah. Yeah. So do you think about there?
Liz Ferguson: Yeah, go up. Go up, go up, go up.
Liz Ferguson: hey? That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not too bad. Okay, do you want to go back? I'm going back down.
Liz Ferguson: Okay, we
Liz Ferguson: oh, are we joining on the line? How far. I think we need to go quite far, because we've got to do a circle, apparently in a minute. I don't know how that happens. Yeah. So yeah, give us plenty of room like that. Yeah, I reckon. Do you think? Go up? Okay?
Liz Ferguson: Oh, oh, so it's gonna be quite high. Yeah. But we've got a roof. Yeah, I'll go. I'll go. Yeah.
Liz Ferguson: I'm just going to do a big line.
Liz Ferguson: I'm gonna try and make it symmetrical, lovely. I love that. What do you think about like this? Yeah, that's good. Thank you. That's beautiful.
Liz Ferguson: Okay? Oh, oh, oh, do you think I went too far? Wait.
Liz Ferguson: I can't go up you go! Are you up? Go!
Liz Ferguson: Oh, that was thrilling. Okay, should we try and do the roof? Yeah. So we need. I'm going across, can you see?
Liz Ferguson: There you go. Go.
Liz Ferguson: Okay, right? How do we do a diagonal?
Liz Ferguson: I think we need to do sort of both at once, a little bit.
Liz Ferguson: So if I hold down a and you hold down. O, what's gonna happen? Should we do a little bit? 3, 2, 1 go.
Liz Ferguson: No, it capped off because you sorry I stopped. I know I know. I know that was my fault. It's really good, though we could. We could just keep going.
Liz Ferguson: Oh, no, but we're not going to fit the whole thing in look.
Liz Ferguson: I think it's tied to like a nice route, but it's meant to be like that, though
Liz Ferguson: I think I think we could make it like a nice like.
Liz Ferguson: I mean, that's not the house, though.
Liz Ferguson: Then we go down. Okay, 1, 2, 3 go.
Liz Ferguson: Okay, wait, Leo, that's not the house. There we go. Oh, God!
Liz Ferguson: Oh, I can't go up. You gotta go up.
Liz Ferguson: I think we tried another line. Okay, now we have to do it again.
Liz Ferguson: No. Where are we even going? What we need to do? The I think we should start again. But start further down. Should we start again? Yeah, do you agree? Okay? Right?
Liz Ferguson: Okay.
Liz Ferguson: Right? That's okay. Where do we start again in the middle help?
Liz Ferguson: Why did we start there? Maybe because that's where we finished.
Liz Ferguson: So do we?
Liz Ferguson: Oh, yeah, yes, you're genius. Yeah. So let's start. You're a genius right? Go that way a bit more
Liz Ferguson: like that. Yeah, perfect. Are we ready? Yeah.
Liz Ferguson: wait.
Liz Ferguson: Yes, I was pressing the wrong button. Yes, yeah. Oh, this is this is so good. Right? So should I. I might just go across and then but no, don't go. Okay.
Liz Ferguson: Don't click anything.
Liz Ferguson: Can I go up now? Wait. We need to do the door. No, we couldn't come back to the door. Let's try and get the if I think the roof is the painful bit, so we should make it, not as oh, no, but now we've made it really wide.
Liz Ferguson: It's fine. The house can be wide. Okay, it's a bungalow. Okay? A. And o 3, 2, 1!
Liz Ferguson: How big does it wait? Should we start at the roof?
Liz Ferguson: Oh.
Liz Ferguson: do you think we should start? Wait! Let's start at like a point. Let's start in the middle. Yeah, at the middle point.
Liz Ferguson: Hit.
Liz Ferguson: Oh, what the heck are you doing? Okay? Starting in the middle start there? Okay.
Liz Ferguson: imagine if it might already be 8 min, we might right. So are we doing? Which which side are we doing? You direct us? We'll do this way. Okay, so that's a, and m, 3, 2, 1,
Liz Ferguson: stop.
Liz Ferguson: Okay, what? Okay? Let's just make our house small. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So now, good. Go that way.
Liz Ferguson: Right?
Liz Ferguson: Stop.
Liz Ferguson: Okay. And then O and d
Liz Ferguson: a, I have to go left. Oh, yes, you're right. 3, 2, 1,
Liz Ferguson: please. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. So good. Wait, go down. Go down one.
Liz Ferguson: Yeah. Now we need to. Oh, my goodness, now we have to get back. Now we've got to get down. Okay? Right? Say, we're going this way. Yeah. A. And m. 2, 1.
Liz Ferguson: Oh, that's not bad, you know. That's not bad. And then go tiny bit that way.
Liz Ferguson: Oops. Wait. Oh, sorry now from here.
Liz Ferguson: Okay.
Liz Ferguson: Should we do the door?
Liz Ferguson: No, no, we're not doing the door. Go up
Liz Ferguson: not too too far too far too far. Oh.
Liz Ferguson: yes, we got it. Okay, should we do the chimney? Oh, God, okay, right. Up O, and a okay. Wait. Let's do like one click at a time. Yeah. And we're only going to do a little bit.
Liz Ferguson: One. Well, let's hold it down just for a second. Okay, 1, 2, 3 go.
Liz Ferguson: and then I'm gonna go go up. Yes, I'll go across.
Liz Ferguson: Hold on right. Okay, and then down M. And D, just for a little bit. 1, 2, 3 go.
Liz Ferguson: We're on the line. Okay? Should we do go down? Let's do the door. Wait. How do we do the circles? Yeah, I think we I don't. I mean, they're just etcher sketches. You have to have lines sometimes going across the picture.
Liz Ferguson: Do you make a really wide go
Liz Ferguson: from him. Make it look wide. You'd like, Okay.
Liz Ferguson: go go. Such a sabotager. Right? Right? Okay. It's like a barn. Yeah, we didn't make a house. We own a barn. We need some smoke and then some coal. No, go to the corner.
Liz Ferguson: Where are we?
Liz Ferguson: Oh, I can't go up and down.
Liz Ferguson: Hey, guys, nice. Nice. Okay. Now.
Liz Ferguson: I have no idea how we're meant to do this, I think.
Liz Ferguson: how do you think we do this? Oh, yeah, yeah. So
Liz Ferguson: what are you thinking I can't go up? You go up. Why do I need to go up?
Liz Ferguson: Yeah, okay, just do it.
Liz Ferguson: From here. So I'm gonna go D, and you're gonna go. But we need to not just hold it down because it'll just make a straight line. I think I think we might need to. Yeah, do a bit of tappy tap. Okay, go on.
Liz Ferguson: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's working. It's working. Stop.
Liz Ferguson: Wait. And now and now we go the other way. Okay, go. Go which way. Wait. Wait. Do you mean down?
Liz Ferguson: Yeah, okay, good.
Liz Ferguson: I'm clicking the wrong button.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, that is your time. Up.
Liz Ferguson: 8 min.
Chloe Bilverstone: Done. So I'm gonna stop the recording now.